[DOC][3.3] Doc changes for InCommitTimestamps (#3979)
delta-io/delta: docs/source/delta-batch.md

#### Feature Details
In-Commit Timestamps stores modification timestamps within the commit itself, ensuring they remain unchanged regardless of file system operations. This provides several benefits:

- **Immutable History**: Timestamps become part of the table's permanent commit history
- **Consistent Time Travel**: Queries using timestamp-based time travel produce reliable results even after table migration

Without the In-Commit Timestamp feature, <Delta> uses file modification timestamps as the commit timestamp. This approach has various limitations:

1. Data Migration Issues: When tables were moved between storage locations, file modification timestamps would change, potentially disrupting historical tracking
2. Replication Scenarios: Timestamp inconsistencies could arise when replicating data across different environments
3. Time Travel Reliability: These timestamp changes could affect the accuracy and consistency of time travel queries

#### Enabling the Feature

> This feature can be enabled by setting the table property `delta.enableInCommitTimestamps` to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Writer table feature and can be enabled by setting the table property `delta.enableInCommitTimestamps` to `true`:
```

Reviewer: also attach the link to Writer TableFetaure section (if any).

.. note::
    Due to log entry cleanup, instances can arise where you cannot time travel to a version that is less than the retention interval. <Delta> requires all consecutive log entries since the previous checkpoint to time travel to a particular version. For example, with a table initially consisting of log entries for versions [0, 19] and a checkpoint at verison 10, if the log entry for version 0 is cleaned up, then you cannot time travel to versions [1, 9]. Increasing the table property `delta.logRetentionDuration` can help avoid these situations.

### In-Commit Timestamps

#### Overview

> <Delta> 3.3 introduced [In-Commit Timestamps](https://github.com/delta-io/delta/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md#in-commit-timestamps) to provide a more reliable and consistent way to track table modifications. This feature addresses limitations of the traditional approach that relied on file modification timestamps, particularly in scenarios involving data migration or replication.

Reviewer: Do we add delta-spark versions in our documentation?

Author: Looks like it has been done before. From the same file:

```
You can selectively overwrite only the data that matches an arbitrary expression. This feature is available with DataFrames in <Delta> 1.1.0 and above and supported in SQL in <Delta> 2.4.0 and above.
```

> #### Background

Reviewer: This is documentation and so we don't want to explain what delta used to do before and why this feature was built.
Instead we want to tell the behavior of Delta with and without this feature to users.

- Section-1: Overview
- Section-2: This could be renamed to Feature Details i.e. we can merge Background and Feature Details section.
- Inside `Feature Details`, We can talk about how Delta behaves when the feature is enabled.
- Then we can talk about how Delta behaves when feature is disabled + its limitations.
- Then Section-3 - we can talk about how to enable the feature.

> Previously, <Delta> used file modification timestamps as the source of truth for table modifications. This approach presented several challenges:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, <Delta> used file modification timestamps as the commit timestamp which are used by time travel queries. This approach presented several challenges:
```
